
Mr. XXXXXXX, 

I have information for you on misconduct under the Obama administration which is being perpetuated and covered up under the Biden administration through outrageous tactics violating human rights in a manner which is shockingly unamerican and wrong.

My first priority upon going public was to also publicize that some basic summary of leads and motive had been directed to a distribution which was deliberately ambiguous and uncertain. In other words, I have sown this document thoroughly at random in order to make it apparent that the disclosure is irreversible, and many unknown people may have it: https://github.com/Levitator1/evidence/blob/main/abuses.md

The centerpiece of this document is the link to the Blogspot post, which is the most readily visible piece of evidence, but I did not have room to discuss at length the evidentiary elements it represents, so I will go over those.

First of all, you will find that this post is dated in 2012, so it predates the election integrity scandal by several years. However, you will find that it describes, quite precisely, I think, the computing aspect of the election integrity scandal. It basically says that computers are too opaque and vulnerable at pretty much every point in the hardware and software supply chain. This is what wound up in the scandal years later.

This, I think is surprising in terms of its correspondence to events which then took place in the future. However, there is more to support the theory that it was intercepted and exploited for political purposes.

I will tell you that shortly after writing that post, I was attacked by Russian operatives posing as foreign students in the house next door. They employed the directed energy weapon from which injury claims have been submitted from the CIA and both US and Canadian diplomats.

You will want to verify these statements, so I will begin by pointing out that the attack is implicitly documented on my blog because I stopped posting shortly after writing the post in question. I stopped writing because I was attacked. The fact that I was attacked will also be reflected in police and medical documents, in the emotional and neurological impact caused by what amounted to a vicious and violent assault which I did not comprehend at the time.

Furthermore, there exist witnesses to whom I reported information which was not publicly known at the time. Specifically, the resurgence of post-Soviet Russian aggression was not known, and I reported that. Energy weapons were, at the time, regarded as an urban legend, but I accurately described properties both subsequently published, and some not. Of course, it was later publicized, confirming that Russians were the suspected operators of this weapon (see Mark Polymeropoulos, CIA).

Furthermore, based on the Canadian administration's participation in the energy weapon coverup, I accurately predicted that Trudeau is a turncoat. I have already notified XXXXXXX. I will further note that during the Canadian trucker demonstrations, Trudeau appears to have made a Freudian slip where he derisively referred to the Canadian truckers as "tinfoil hats".

Trudeau happens to have Canadian diplomats who could qualify for that term, so that renders this attempt at a bad joke in a much darker light. After he denied medical benefits owed to his diplomats, as part of what amounted to a widespread coverup, he utters this joke which suggests firstly, that he is callous with regard to injured Canadian diplomatic personnel to whom he stonewalled medical benefits. Secondly, it suggests that he may have been contemplating irradiating the truckers, for whom he ultimately pursued an even more ambitious strategy, which consisted of martial law-like measures.

So, that covers the nexus to Canada, but we have not even started on the matter of cover-ups via medical terrorism which I believe you will find consistent with published energy weapon coverups in the US and, again, Canada. This is furthermore consistent with the larger politicization and associated weaponization of medicine, distorting its purpose away from healing, and instead for the purpose of driving agendas, legislation, and possible pharmaceutical profiteering.

It should be readily visible that there is a pattern of denial with regard to energy weapons, to the point where government professionals are denied medical treatment which they are owed. What I will share with you now represents not only a continuation of that same pattern, it also represents its augmentation with outrageous human rights abuses perhaps motivated by the perpetrator's erroneous belief that civilians living in the tradition of American values are somehow a soft target.

These corrupt, treasonous, and terroristic individuals are inserting what I assume are government doctors into ER departments where they perpetuate this coverup by means which are wild violations of human and civil rights.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Now, I will detail to you what actually happened at the hospital. I presented to the ER with significant physiological symptoms which I suspect could be related to RF or microwave exposure. I was later formally diagnosed with hypothyroidism and tachycardia, but the hospital was not so gracious as to address real conditions. Instead, I was seen by a Dr. XXXXXXX, to whom I summarized my symptoms. I felt that it was reasonable to mention my concern about potential microwave injuries in case it should be helpful in diagnosis or treatment. He did not show any surprise. He did not converse with me to any significant degree. He made no effort to evaluate my cognition or my ability to follow a train of thought. Instead, he quietly left the room and was replaced by a three-man squad of security guards who confiscated my electronics and blocked the exit to my room. I recognized this for the grotesque perversion of medicine which it represented and attempt to shove my way past them.

They responded to this by wrestling me into the bed, subduing me, and forcibly sedating me. I spent somewhere around roughly two weeks needlessly confined and terrorized by a use of force and an abuse of medicine which was obviously hostile and not for my wellbeing.

I want to take a moment to enumerate the raft of crimes which this tactic represents. False and compulsory medicine is violence. Politically motivated violence is the definition of terrorism, so this was state-sponsored terrorism. Also potentially applicable: false confinement, kidnapping, menacing, intimidation, witness suppression, malpractice, torture, perjury, and defamation.

I want to add that I emphatically demanded of the guards that they respect my rights and get out of my way. They had already committed the act of confinement by the time I attempted to exercise my freedom of movement.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

I think it is telling enough that they disregarded real ailments which were immediately detected and diagnosed by subsequent and genuine good-faith treatment as opposed to this fraud.

In broader terms, I will provide an analogy for my medical predicament. If a corrupt ruler were to starve a man to death by forcing him to eat a fake substitute for food, then he would surely be liable for human rights abuses. It is in this same way that I and perhaps others elsewhere in the country are being starved for safe, reliable, and uncompromised medical treatment. There is only one word that I can find to properly characterize this corrupt behavior; it is evil. It represents a spiritual darkness and an empty pit for conscience.

There is even more to share about this hellish and Dantean journey, but I hope I have provided you plentiful material from which to begin working. I will save the things which are more difficult to describe for after you have seen how much truth there is in the information provided. Mr. XXXXXXX, it is abundantly obvious that our nation stands on an existential precipice, and I thank you for your diligence in the defense of a nation whose ideals enshrine the freedom and happiness of each human being. For that purpose, I am always available to answer questions or provide any assistance within my ability, and God willing, beyond it.

Jose Batista
XXXXXXX
XXXXXXX


P.S: We should take a moment to discuss some possible inferences that can be drawn from the degree of criminality observed here. Firstly, in the initial disclosure document linked above, I discuss the possibility that corrupt doctors are exploiting anesthesia in the vicinity of Fort Bragg to drug and interrogate military personnel. I would say that this correlates very strongly with the pervasive claims of medical politicization via the pretext of COVID. I would say that this correlates even more directly with my firsthand experiences at the business end of weaponized and disingenuous non-medicine, which qualifies as medical terrorism. Let us extrapolate from this vantage point and pose the question of why it is that the DSA has been known to openly lobby for the use of the hallucinogenic drug LSD as a treatment of PTSD. In light of the rumor that military personnel are being drugged, we should pose the question of why there are politicians who are calling for the use of a dangerous hallucinogen which has a history of being researched as an interrogation agent due to its mind-crippling properties. This confusing and seemingly harmful recommendation is directed at not just anyone, but specifically to sufferers of PTSD, many of whom are police and military. The DSA has been known to call for the abolition of the police, military, and even the courts all at once by Tlaib, and to a greater degree just the police by others among them.

DSA Senator Andrea Ocasio Cortes indeed defends her support of collaboration with the street gang The Young Lords, with the morally twisted argument that people simply do not understand minorities. To recognize that a group of individuals is authentically organized crime with Mafia or mobster-like tendencies brings another issue to the fore. It is the question of why it is that even though the left boasts of dominating the legislature, they nonetheless choose to prefer illegal entry for immigrants, instead of simply reforming or adjusting the law which they claim to control. I think at this point the picture is complete. You have criminals prefering criminality because they are criminals. More specifically these virtue-signalling hypocrites who overexert themselves daily to project moral superiority through egalitarianism are actually slave-owners. To invite illegal entry is to create a vulnerable underclass of legally illegitimate residents who can be controlled because they are technically criminals, and so as consequence of this status, they lack the protections of citizenship. This can be restated much more simply; they are beholden and indebted to the Godfather-like figure or group who granted them an illegal favor, and if they should make a demand later, then it may be one which they cannot refuse. Bear in mind that the left has made gestures towards granting this subordinate class voting rights. A reasonable person would conclude that this is solely so that they can tell their subordinates how to vote and thus secure their votes for themselves. They are working to import a slave-class to vote for their masters.

At the risk of wandering beyond the scope. I wanted to comment that I think the best solution for the immigration situation is to take the highest road that I can see, and do the obvious thing which the radical left is not doing. This is to revive the spirit of Ellis Island, do immigration via a formal, legal, and secure process, and thus remove what is a mere pretext which the left is using to exploit the unfortunate as potential criminal associates. This serves to continue the established tradition of orderly immigration which has historically proven humanitarian towards immigrants, and benefical for America in terms of innovation and cultural exchange.

