Previously, I discussed an expansive conspiracy to corrupt and weaponize the medical profession in order to quietly target dissenters, witnesses to crime, and other undesirables. Here, I will dedicate some effort to the extrapolation of what this could mean in terms of threats to the public, and to national security and stability.

We have already seen a very public and overt effort to overthrow the government. If we were to disagree upon the term "overthrow", we can regardless agree that there was a strenuous effort to promote a so-called "defunding" or "abolition" agenda. It attempted, in astonishingly disingenuous terms, to clothe anarchistic and seditious motives in the trappings of slave liberation and the first Civil War.

At this point, the intent of those involved should be self-evident. In terms of the specific tactics employed, the story which I have previously shared illustrates the contemporary precedent. When discussing precedents, we should also note those historical precedents of depraved medical abuse set by the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany. There is nothing about this manner of malice which is novel, and we must not be distracted by the revulsion which accompanies the realization that it is no longer merely close to home.

Having outlined the tactics employed, and the political motives and setting in which they take place, I hope that we are prepared to make some predictions as to how this disease of ideology will progress. It is necessary that we do so if we are to head it off, preserve the warnings of whistleblowers, prevent espionage, and protect the integrity and safety of medical care.

I am not one to doubt that COVID is a real pathogen. If anything, this makes it even more effective as a political and psychological weapon, regardless of whether it was engineered (which is described as a possibility). Regardless of the veracity of a COVID release conspiracy, the rise of COVID has displayed a number of readily observable and opportunist consequences. Perhaps foremost, is how Canada's Trudeu, an admirer of China's "basic dictatorship", has exploited COVID controversy as a pretext to enact measures resembling martial law.

On a smaller or subtler scale, we see how COVID has presented an opportunity for bureaucrats to extend the tendrils of government and political authority into medicine. Medicine is much like the policing institution which the radicals sought to abolish in that it holds much authority, even though it is of a different kind. It holds authority to declare sick or healthy, sane or insane. In terms of practical or applied powers, medicine is the power over sickenss or health and life or death. We must note that a corrupt doctor who should choose to abandon his vocation as a healer, could instead use the facade of healing to conceal conduct the opposite of his proper purpose. Noting that "abolition", especially via Tlaib, sought to overthrow both the police and judiciary, now imagine a doctor who should declare himself judge, jury and executioner. We can now contemplate that for a target or undesirable, he would choose the more harmful of alternatives. A corrupt doctor can:

- Deny illness where there is illness, condemning the undesirable to untreated sickness
- Diagnose illness where there is none, condemning the undesirable to unnecessary or detrimental treatments, draining their health and finances
- Diagnose insanity where there is health to oppress and violate a dissenter, intimidating them with power, destroying their credibility; effective for suppressing witnesses to crime
- Commit "accidents" of technique producing injury or disability

Recognizing that medicine is indeed being weaponized, and that it has vast damage potential, we should now examine the question of what methods could be employed to target it to specific groups, since a bad actor needs some means of directing his attacks specifically at his enemies. I would propose that the immediate threat is via psychiatry. I would observe that psychiatry is less objective than other sciences because of the lack of understanding as to how the mind works. There are a great many diagnoses for which there is no formal diagnostic; it is left to a practiotioner's opinion. We can hope that a practitioner has honest motives, but that is not guaranteed, and he can claim whatever he wants without some brain scan, blood test, or other litmus test to contradict him. This creates the opportunity to do exactly what I have already described, and which corresponds to past Soviet tactics. It is possible to encounter some planted government doctor tasked with enforcing an agenda. It is possible to encounter some doctor who is simply offended by some stance of yours. There is little to prevent him from lying through his teeth and denouncing you as a mental patient. Not only does such an abuse of power serve to intimidate and dominate a victim, it represents a form of formalized slander and defamation which damages their reputation, credibility, and strips them of certain rights and opportunities due to their alleged mental status.

We should take this further and note how the radical left likes to redefine the vocabulary of their opponents so that even when they mean something good, it is misinterpreted as racism or hate. We have seen concerted efforts to redefine America as racist despite the success of the Civil Rights movement. They claim that the US flag is a symbol of racism. I have seen symbols such as the Gadsden Flag described as racist, or "1776" as a codeword for sedition. Given these observations, we should not be surprised at future attempts to redefine mental illness. This would expand the targeting of individuals beyond biologial criteria, permitting the targeting of individuals by their opinions, beliefs, and ideology.

My discussion on psychiatric abuse describes horrific things which I know to already occur from firsthand experience. Now, I will highlight a more anticipatory concern. Note that among the frontiers in medicine is the development of genetically targeted drugs. This is the idea that certain drugs may be more effective for a certain race, ethnicity, or genetic makeup. It should not take much imagination to see how the comingling of COVID-style authoritarianism mixed with the genetic targeting of medication could lead to genocide. Once the nation has an obligatory recurring subscription to have government medicine pumped into their veins, that presents corrupt leadership with the opportunity to botch a medication variant for whoever they like least. Given the tremendous potential of drug technology one can anticipate all manner of disabilities or long-term illnesses and deficits subtler than death.

In addition to its authority and practical power, the other thing that makes the instutition of medicine so attractive as a target for infiltration is its extremely technical and esoteric nature. You will note how much time, ink, and screen space has been wasted on absurdly stupid debates such as the question of whether we should have police. If malicious politics can lead us in circles over a question as simple as what color the sky is, then imagine the hopeless labyrinths of rhetoric and false dichotomies into which the public can be lead debating topics which only biologists and chemists understand. The radicals are constantly tricking us into arguing about which hand we should slam in the door. Remember that in the ancient church, the Bible was kept in Latin so that the elites could conflate their edicts with Biblical authority while denying the vulgate masses of the means to contradict them. There is a lot in common between a set of medical scrubs and a frock, except that the man in the frock cannot cut things inside your body. We should present zero opportunities to conceal political motives behind the unassailable vestments of healing, where a person can be ordered to drink poison not as a punishment, but as no less than a civic duty.

Jose Batista
